hi this is Bill with a wheels today
we're going to talk about the e w 600
watt moped the model numbers II W 600
the e W 600 has a 600 watt motor he
wills has its own private motor that's
made just for a wheels it's a hub
electric motor brushless the he wheels
moped also has on the dash front
odometer with a battery indicator from
low to high we also have on this product
high low light switch turn signals in a
horn switch and on the other side of the
switches we have running lights so we
have low and height beam running lights
the throttle is located on the right and
you simply just twist the throttle back
and off it goes we also have this red
button here which is the high low speed
if you push it once it'll limit the
speed of the moped at twenty miles an
hour if you push it twice it will go up
to 25 miles an hour
the moped also comes complete with
mirrors and side mirrors we have a
headlight and turn signals on the front
of the moped and the front wheel we have
a brake and on the rear wheel we have a
brake so we have two braking systems
front and rear wheel we also have a full
suspension system there are two springs
under the seat on each side of the seat
so that the rear is supported by two
suspension springs in the front fork we
also have suspension fork so we have a
lot of comfort riding shock absorbers
built into the moped the moped also
comes complete with pedals and to kick
stands we have the European kickstand
which is up now holding the moped and
the American kickstand which is
currently in an upright position
this moped also features a charging port
directly under the sea you can plug the
charger right into that port or for
those of you who want to be able to
remove the battery and charge the
battery in your home or apartment you
simply disconnect the charging cord here
and pull the battery right out and you
can charge the battery in your home in
your apartment or just about anywhere
the moped is also built for two
passengers the seats long gated and
there's a will well here this foot well
here where their passenger can actually
put his foot when they're right on the
back and we also have a handle grip for
the passenger so the moped is built for
two passengers we have a storage
compartment also right under the key
area with a bag latch right under the
front - the seat area is also able to be
locked so you can put some valuables
under the seat and of course our cargo
box also has a lock with a separate key
the rear of the moped features running
lights while you're driving it lights up
for safety purposes and this right now
the moped is been very dependable it
needs very little maintenance it has
been a wonderful product free wheels
thank you
you